what's up guys my name is crazy jatt 123
and today i got year 2012 race review f1
2012 and it's at spa-francorchamps
belgium I just loved this track it's so
challenging but so fun at the same time
and it was a great race it was just so
great and I'm going to talk about it and
yeah so let's start this video so at the
start the race it was carnage everybody
is talking about other start the race
and it was hectic so this is what
happened so late Marlo go I'm sure he
jump starts it he just shot off so I'm
sure he did that jump start but the Beth
of the thing which caused the clash
remain grudge main was pushing Louis
into the glass he just lost deliver
control they went well too well touch
wills Hamilton didn't me out fast to
know if he could say but it wasn't
really his fault he went on top of
remain remain can stop then remain just
went over Alonso and they all went out
and powers hehe Bester like I think it
was his best qualifying ever fourth
burned his face and Kobayashi's second
he qualified they all were infected
affected and it was it was carnage you
have to watch video if you have a live
link in the description if you can't see
me and Alonzo was fine don't all fine
ronzo could feel a lot of heat in his
back and bleeding problems having he
said but he got a car he was fine
everybody was fine that their cars
weren't a lot of money
damaged money but when a Hamilton when I
was car he got finger and I pointed to
his brain like you mental bro you meant
to work but yeah I'm remain look too
late guilty was probably apologizing we
didn't know what they said but whiteley
remain couldn't love backed out I also
accident I don't know it they didn't say
it was a under investigation I will
thought he would get penalty but we
don't know we have to wait and see so
yeah so my logo he jumped started well I
looked and on the first corner he span I
didn't think no damage he just span but
on the fifth lap he damaged just one win
had to retire this club we didn't we see
what was wrong but just so unlucky
jump-starting they should be used to
learn he's just how luck but a lot of
unlock and this is it just happens those
are quite a few pit stop errors bad bull
and ferrari but the big one was Carter
came on a hate CRT a Celtic aim went
into the pits the completely misjudged
to go out the lollipop man and he hit
the HRT and wind damage so they had to
pull it back and the depart- wing on it
but mistakes mistakes is
so Michael Schumacher was his 300 grand
prix meant a lot for him and yes it was
he had a lot of battles with Kimi
Raikkonen and other drivers which was
fun to watch no this is it was a major
achievement for him to come this far and
I think it when when a whit went really
well this base phone and I will do a
separate video on Michael Schumacher I
want to talk about him yeah look out
flat so at the end of the race Jenson
Button dominates this race he wins this
war funko jumps race no one really
changed him really and yeah second place
is Sebastian battle third places Kimi
Raikkonen he had some problems
couldn't've oil cuz can go full power
fourth place was very young every
surprising will force india Nico
Hulkenberg and fifth place was Felipe
Massa in the Ferrari and hold on this
race was amazing I had lots of fun
watching it start to finish and yeah
leave a comments what was your thoughts
about this race have a great day bye